docs: KubePug executor (#1781)
kubeshop/testkube: docs/executor-kubepug.md

# Checking manifests using the KubePug Testkube executor

[KubePug](https://github.com/rikatz/kubepug) is a kubectl plugin checking for deprecated Kubernetes clusters or deprecated versions of Kubernetes manifests. It can connect to both your cluster directly, and it can run on input files.

> Due to security reasons, Testkube only supports scanning input files via the KubePug executor.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For security, Testkube only supports scanning input files via the KubePug executor.
```

Running the KubePug Testkube executor does not require any special installation, Testkube comes directly with the ability to run it after installation.

> ## Testing manifests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Testing Manifests
```

Test created testkube / kubepug-example-test-1 🥇

$ kubectl testkube run test kubepug-example-test-1
Type          : kubepug/yaml
Name          : kubepug-example-test-1
Execution ID  : 62b59ae1657713ea1b003a25
Execution name: completely-helped-fowl

Test execution started

Watch test execution until complete:
$ kubectl testkube watch execution 62b59ae1657713ea1b003a25

Use following command to get test execution details:
$ kubectl testkube get execution 62b59ae1657713ea1b003a25

$ kubectl testkube get execution 62b59ae1657713ea1b003a25
ID:        62b59ae1657713ea1b003a25
Name:      completely-helped-fowl
Type:      kubepug/yaml
Duration:  00:00:05

Status test execution failed:

⨯
{"DeprecatedAPIs":[{"Description":"ComponentStatus (and ComponentStatusList) holds the cluster validation info. Deprecated: This API is deprecated in v1.19+","Group":"","Kind":"ComponentStatus","Version":"v1","Name":"","Deprecated":true,"Items":[{"Scope":"OBJECT","ObjectName":"etcd-1","Namespace":"","location":"/tmp/test-content4075001618"}]}],"DeletedAPIs":null}
```

These tests also support input strings, file URIs, Git files and Git directories.

> ## Testing the output of `kubectl get`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Testing the Output of `kubectl get`
```

> Another way to test Kubernetes objects is to create the Testkube Test with the output of `kubectl get`. The output has to be in the correct format in order for KubePug to be able to scan it, so use the `-o yaml` argument.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another way to test Kubernetes objects is to create the Testkube Test with the output of `kubectl get`. The output has to be in the correct format in order for KubePug to be able to scan it using `-o yaml` argument.
```

```sh
$ kubectl get PodSecurityPolicy gce.gke-metrics-agent -o yaml | kubectl testkube create test --type kubepug/yaml --name kubepug-example-test2
Warning: policy/v1beta1 PodSecurityPolicy is deprecated in v1.21+, unavailable in v1.25+
Test created testkube / kubepug-example-test2 🥇

$ kubectl testkube run test kubepug-example-test2
Type          : kubepug/yaml
Name          : kubepug-example-test2
Execution ID  : 62c8110338a672dc415ce98e
Execution name: mostly-rapid-lark

Test execution started

Watch test execution until complete:
$ kubectl testkube watch execution 62c8110338a672dc415ce98e

Use following command to get test execution details:
$ kubectl testkube get execution 62c8110338a672dc415ce98e
```

> ## Testing against previous Kubernetes version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Testing Against a Previous Kubernetes Version
```

> It is possible to run the same Testkube KubePug test using different Kubernetes versions to compare to. The way to do this is to use the `--k8s-version=${VERSION}` argument as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is possible to run the same Testkube KubePug test using different Kubernetes versions to compare to using the `--k8s-version=${VERSION}` argument as shown below:
```
